Event listener for screenshot (#157)
EmbedITCZ/jbehave-support: jbehave-support-core/docs/Web-testing.md

```
For more examples see [WebWaitCondition.story](../src/test/groovy/org/jbehavesupport/test/sample/WebWaitCondition.story)

#### Taking screenshot

To take screenshot 
```
Then screenshot is taken
When screenshot is taken
```

If you want to take screenshot from your custom web steps inject `ApplicationEventPublisher` and publish `WebScreenshotEvent`
```

> import static org.jbehavesupport.core.web.WebScreenshotTypes.*;

Author: I removed al those imports. I thought they wasn't problem as there were only Type enum in this imported class.

@Autowired
ApplicationEventPublisher applicationEventPublisher;

public void myMethod(){
    ...
    applicationEventPublisher.publishEvent(new WebScreenshotEvent(this, Type.MANUAL));
    ...
}
```

If you want to see screenshots in report register `ScreenshotReporterExtension`

>  * Type have to be `MANUAL` or correspond with chosen mode, else screenshot won't be taken

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Type has to be `MANUAL` or correspond with chosen mode (see property `web.screenshot.reporting.mode` in [Reporting](Reporting.md)), otherwise screenshot won't be taken
```

Author: Thanks :)
